---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Week 1
subtitle: Katelyn Gelle
cover-img: /images/akkalabotw.gif
description: My documentation of my week 1 CSSE progress!
type: plans
courses: { csse: {week: 1} }
tags: [books, test]
---
**Weekend (08.19.2023-08.20.2023)**  
This weekend, I was able to install WSL: Ubuntu-20.04. I was also able to create this blog using a jekyll template! I hope that it will continue to go smoothly. Last week, I made my own Slack account, Github page, and joined the class. I was able to get the contacts of some of my friends on Slack this weekend! I've also coded a few side projects in Python. I made a lot of errors on them, so they took me a really long time to finish. However, they're definitely a way to pass the time when I'm at home.  

Here's to no commit build errors!  

**Day 1 (08.21.2023)**  
Today, I touched up a few of my private projects, particularly my "Bad Angband" one. I can't get the magical damage to destroy the enemy; the player always has to end up "attacking" it again to kill it. Although it's not bad since it doesn't kill the player, it's still inconvenient, so I'll have to find a way to work around it. Right now, it looks like my code relies on ending the game when the enemy is killed only by attack mechanisms, so I think I'll try to refine the if_dead command to also encompass magical damage.  

Also, I realized that my posts kept duplicating themselves. I was really confused as to why this was happening, but I then figured out that I had accidentally git cloned my repository into my existing directory. Once I deleted the duplicated repository, it fixed itself!

**Day 2 (08.22.2023)**  
Today, I set up my first Jupyter notebook in an .ipynb file in "_notebooks". I still can't figure out how to add text to it, but I think it has something to do with the Markdown cell. I'll definitely keep at it, but it's still a work in progress.  

Update: I figured out how to add text to my Jupyter notebook during the Tech Talk today! My issue was because I used asterisks instead of hashtags. Oops.  

I made a few cosmetic changes to my blog, but apart from that, I don't have much else to add. Mostly, the only things I add now are daily entries. Lately, I've just been tweaking all of the thumbnails, cover images, and share images to my liking.  

I'm going to keep trying to familiarize myself with VSCode. I always end up giving myself problems when I gitclone my repositories from one device to another. I can't seem to find my old Python games in File Explorer anymore; I can only see them when I open them in VSCode. I've been trying to commit them into a new Github repository, but it keeps giving me errors. I'll have to consult people on how to do this.

**Day 3 (08.23.2023)**  
Today, I kept getting errors. I saw that it was because my git origin and master branches had diverged, so I had to search up how to fix this. I learned that I could merge them again through "git fetch origin" --> "git checkout master" --> "git merge origin/master" --> "git push origin master". Before I could merge it, I had to resolve the conflicts; I had 3 different commits in "origin" and 1 different commit in "master". However, I was able to wrap it up, and my branches are back to normal!

**Day 4 (08.24.2023)**  
Unfortunately, it looks like I'm going to have to scrap this blog and use the standard template. However, I think I'm still going to update this because it would be a waste of all my hard work to get rid of this!  

Today, I'm trying to familiarize myself with and be able to run the standard student blog. My terminal doesn't seem to be liking this; I've selected "bash" as the default terminal, but it looks a little weird, and it isn't running like I thought it would. Github Codespaces also isn't working the way I expected it to, so I'll have to keep working on this. I'm trying to update all of my posts into the posts on the new blog, and it really feels like I'm moving into a new house or something. Starting from square one is a bit frustrating, but I'll get used to it. I have to restart the posts, about me, notebooks, images, everything...  

I also learned that I should NEVER commit a dim file because they're generated files, not originals. I should not be editing them!

**Day 5 (08.25.2023)**  
Today, I'm trying to figure out bugs in my code that are causing it to not pull up the correct webpage.  
For some reason, my ./server.sh is no longer working; I suspect it has something to do with how my terminal is sticking to ">" rather than "$", which it usually appears as. However, it no longer appears to work. I'm going to keep trying to run it in Github Codespaces and hope for the best.  