---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title:  Week 2
subtitle: Katelyn Gelle
description: My documentation of my week 2 CSSE code!
courses: { csp: {week: 2} }
categories: [C1.4]
---

**Weekend (08.26.2023-08.27.2023):**  
Over the weekend, I had to take the SAT so I unfortunately did not get too far in my program. However, I updated the Jupyter notebook to display a Python tutorial with some code of my sample side projects. I also touched the page up cosmetically so that it looks nice.  

**Day 6 (08.28.2023)**  
Today, I was able to craft a new blog page for this new week. I have to figure out a nice gif for the cover image and a new picture for the thumbnail, and I think I'm going to switch the week 1 thumbnail image with the Jupyter notebook thumbnail image, just so that they match to my liking. Unfortunately, my Link folder is local to my PC, so I'll have to wait until I get home.  

**Day 7 (08.29.2023)**  
Today, I was able to transfer (almost) everything from this blog onto the new one! I had issues with making the server, but I was able to fix it; after this, though, it just wouldn't commit/push to my GitHub repository, so I had to figure that out. I was eventually able to fix it by going into my repository settings and enabling GitHub pages, so it was a silly mistake that, thankfully, had a simply solution.  

**Day 8 (08.30.2023)**  
Today, I'm trying to figure out how to make the lab notebook with rows and columns. At first, I thought that I had downloaded the wrong repository, but I clearly have the student one, so that wasn't the issue. I was able to find the table as a file in the "layouts" directory, as "schedule.html". However, when I change the href link, it still won't show my post. I'm not completely sure why this is the case, so I'll keep working at it.  

**Day 9 (08.31.2023)**  
Today, I'm still trying to make the lab notebook with rows and columns. I'm also trying to input the snake game code onto my homepage. I'm going to try and make amends before the review tomorrow.  

Update: I was able to add the snake game! There were a few issues with my yaml in lines 9 and 10, but I was able to fix it. It now runs perfectly! I'm going to find a way to add it into the table.